I love my teacher by Andreae, Giles
Doctor Ted by Beaty, Andrea
Once upon an alphabet by Jeffers, Oliver
Hooray for fish! by Cousins, Lucy
See under the sea by Davies, Kate
Dog and Mouse by Nelson-Schmidt, Michelle
Seasons and weather by Berendes, Mary
The sun is late and so is the farmer by Stead, Philip Christian
Welcome home, Bear by Na, Il Sung
I'm Smart! by McMullan, Kate
Good night Boston by Gamble, Adam
Toy story 4 by Wage, Erin Rose
Chuck's truck by Anderson, Peggy Perry
What Is Inside This Box? by Daywalt, Drew
Kwanzaa by Koestler-Grack, Rachel A.
The littlest train by Gall, Chris
Carlo and the really nice librarian by Spanyol, Jessica
The missing chick by Gorbachev, Valeri
Our solar system by Simon, Seymour
Usborne Lift-the-Flap Times tables by Dickins, Rosie
Space travel by Stone, Jerry
How big were dinosaurs? by Judge, Lita
Secrets of our Earth by Brown, Carron
Barney's horse by Hoff, Syd
Otter I love books! by Garton, Sam
My name is Bob by Bowen, James
Learning subtraction with puppies and kittens by Moldovo, Eustacia
Being responsible by Pettiford, Rebecca
At the Park by Baker, Keith
You Can Be a Doctor (Random House)
Swim, Mo, swim! by Adler, David
Henry on wheels by Bourne, B. B.
We tell the truth by Gordon, Sharon
Pass the ball, Mo! by Adler, David A.
Hop on Pop by Seuss, Dr.
Game on! by Foxe, Steve
Moon by Bauer, Marion Dane
Pizza for Pia by Groban, Betsy
You are a unicorn! by Showers, April
Need it or want it? by Brown, Tammy
Flowers by Bone, Emily
Little Red Riding Hood by Davidson, Susanna
Andy & Sandy's anything adventure by DePaola, Tomie
Me too! by Gorbachev, Valeri
My toothbrush is missing! by Thomas, Jan
That egg is mine! by Dubois, Liz Goulet
Goose and Duck by George, Jean Craighead
Gus and Grandpa and the two-wheeled bike by Mills, Claudia
Henry and Mudge and the great grandpas by Rylant, Cynthia
There's math in my art! by Bethea, Nikole Brooks
What would happen if you never got vaccines? by Troupe, Thomas Kingsley
Danny and the dinosaur go to camp by Hoff, Syd
Dixie and the best day ever by Gilman, Grace
Huff and Puff have too much stuff! by Rabe, Tish
Rabbits, rabbits, & more rabbits! by Gibbons, Gail
When spring comes by Henkes, Kevin
I lava you by Wan, Liv
Murilla Gorilla and the Lost Parasol by Lloyd, Jennifer
Libby loves science : states of matter by Derting, Kimberly
Flat Stanley on ice by Houran, Lori Haskins
Sabrina Sue loves the moon by Burris, Priscilla
Monkey and Elephant by Schaefer, Carole Lexa
Seeds by Glaser, Rebecca Stromstad
The lost mitten by Ho, Jannie
Nat the cat takes a bath by Lerner, Jarrett
The good sport by Awdry, W.
Silly Milly and the mysterious suitcase by Lewison, Wendy Cheyette
Sheep go to sleep by Shaw, Nancy
Counting our blessings by Dodd, Emma
Bunny days by Nyeu, Tao
When I care about others by Spelman, Cornelia
What living things need (World Book, Inc.)
Kick it, Mo! by Adler, David A.
Train ride fun! by Testa, Maggie
Paddington sets sail by Bond, Michael
Independence Day by Manley, Erika S.
Three little kittens by Galdone, Paul
When dinosaurs came with everything by Broach, Elise
Get a hit, Mo! by Adler, David A.
Gus makes a gift by Remkiewicz, Frank
Thomas and the Rocket by Johnson, Nicole
The Duck Is Stuck! by Regan, Dana
The garden that we grew by Holub, Joan
Bumblebee's big mission by Michaels, Patty
Rocket Has a Sleepover by Hills, Tad
Tell someone by Shumaker, Debra Kempf
A big boy now by Spinelli, Eileen
Do you have a cat? by Spinelli, Eileen
Summer is for cousins by LaRocca, Rajani
Scurry and squeak by Doering, Amanda F.
Nature's patterns (World Book, Inc.)
Me by Oldham, Matthew
Pip's trip by Stoeke, Janet Morgan
Otter loves Halloween! by Garton, Sam
The new puppy by Kertell, Lynn Maslen
Miss Fox's class goes green by Spinelli, Eileen
The pizza that we made by Holub, Joan
I'll be there by Stott, Ann
Thomas and the volcano by Awdry, W.
Build, Dogs, Build by Horvath, James
Let's fly! by Hunt, Matt
Alex and Lulu by Siminovich, Lorena
Clifford the Big Red Dog by Bridwell, Norman
Guess what!? by Willems, Mo
I want to sleep under the stars! by Willems, Mo
Megatron is put to the test by Cruz, Gloria
I will take a nap! by Willems, Mo
Pete the Kitty and the three bears by Dean, Kim
Sir Pete the Brave by Dean, James
Fancy Nancy and the too-loose tooth by O'Connor, Jane
Cat's very good day by Tracy, Kristen
Ari arranges everything by Vernon, Katie
Red light, green light by Suen, Anastasia
Nat the Cat has a snack by Lerner, Jarrett
Dig, dogs, dig by Horvath, James
LEGO City awesome tales! by Foxe, Steve
Diwali by Eliot, Hannah
Light by Forman, Ruth
Vet by Green, Dan
Arthur's birthday party by Hoban, Lillian
Reina Ramos : tour guide by Otheguy, Emma
On the moon by Milbourne, Anna
Hickory, dickory, dock by Punter, Russell
Submarines and submersibles by Lock, Deborah
Otter: What Pet Is Best? by Garton, Sam
Marvin's best Christmas present ever by Paterson, Katherine
Frog and toad all year by Lobel, Arnold
Fergus and Zeke and the 100th Day of School by Messner, Kate
Elvis and Romeo go to dog school by Soman, David
Our apple tree by Näslund, Görel Kristina
A baby sister for Frances by Hoban, Russell
Nick and Nack Blow Bubbles by Budzi, Brandon
Mama Seeton's whistle by Spinelli, Jerry
Pete the Cat's Family Road Trip by Dean, James
The Big Mix-Up! by Regan, Dana
Pajama Day by O'Connor, Jane
The dazzling book report by O'Connor, Jane
The 100th day of school by O'Connor, Jane
Bundle up, little pup by Elys, Dori
Sammy, the seal by Hoff, Syd
Every day is Earth Day by O'Connor, Jane
Mirabel's discovery by Weber, Vicky
